welcome back to movie reviews today i am going
to show you a horror film titled train to busan
spoilers ahead watch out and take care a truck
approaches a toll booth as it's being sanitized
with several workers cleaning the area in
hazmat suits the truck driver passes through
the tollbooth and accuses them of slowing him
down but the workers assure him that nothing is
wrong and that the area is just being sanitized as
there was a small leak at a nearby nuclear plant
as he passes the tollbooth he is distracted by
his ringing phone and accidentally runs over a doe
after inspecting the scene he gets
back in his truck and drives off
however the dough staggers to its feet despite
the crash and turns to reveal that it is infected
meanwhile in seoul saku is a busy fund manager
who barely has time for his daughter swan
let alone his divorce after a stressful day
at work and accidentally buying swan the same
birthday present he did last year swan reveals
that she wants to visit her mother in busan
sakwu is initially reluctant due to work but his
mother convinces him otherwise by showing him a
video of swan's singing aloha away at a school
recital which he couldn't attend due to work
out of guilt sokwu books the next ktx train
bound for puss on the next morning early in
the morning sockwood drive swan to the station
only to nearly crash into an oncoming hoard of
ambulances and police cars as sakwu ponders what
could be going on swan reaches out the car window
and catches an ember in her hand prompting sakwu
to notice the burning building in the distance
he remarks that there's something bad going on
but drives to the station regardless they board
the train which is also occupied by the tough
working-class husband sang-hwa and his pregnant
wife sun kyung a high school baseball team rich
but selfish ceo yan suk and a pair of elderly
sisters in gil and john gill and a homeless man
who seems to be aware of the zombie situation
as the train prepares to leave a spasming young
woman boards the train with an enormous bite wound
on her leg outside the train station manager then
signals the ktx to leave only to notice a group
of people on top of the stairs of the station
screaming at something unseen swan watches through
the window as the manager is quickly ambushed by
a rabid human which only she witnesses frightened
swan gets up to go to the bathroom in the lower
numbered cars a train attendant comes across the
infected woman and she attempts to resuscitate her
only for the woman to complete her transformation
the zombie then latches onto the attendant's neck
who runs into the baseball team's car in a panic
the two then fall to the floor now both zombies
the two proceed to attack most of the baseball
team and creates a horde of zombies in the
process only four students escape baseball
player yong [ __ ] is crushed jian hee and two
unnamed boys the zombies race towards the upper
compartments and infect everyone in their path
swan unwittingly walks towards the lower ones
looking for a bathroom sockwu awakens and
notices that swan is missing from her seat he
then receives a call from a co-worker who informs
him that violent riots have erupted around korea
soon enough a group of panicked passengers from
the lower compartments rushed through past his
seat screaming and running now realizing
that swan may be in danger sakwu runs in
the opposite direction and sees swan standing
right in front of an oncoming horde of zombies
he grabs her and they are chased by the horde
but saku successfully reaches his compartment
and attempts to barricade it nearly locking
sang-hwa and song kyung out in the process
the survivor struggled to barricade the door
then realized that the zombies do not know how
to open it and merely charge at the sight of
humans soon kyung uses water and newspapers to
cover the windows which remedies the situation by
causing the zombies to think they are not there
the conductor reassures the survivors over the
intercom that the train will not go to busan
but stop at daegu station as he has been informed
that the military has been dispatched there
yan suk calls his company friends and asks
about the situation at daegu which saku
overhears and deduces from it that all arriving
passengers at daegu will be forcibly quarantined
he makes a private call to a co-worker
and convinces him to pick him and swung up
separately so they won't be quarantined the train
then arrives at the abandoned degu station and
sakwu takes swan towards the east exit where they
will be picked up while the others go towards the
main exit the homeless man follows sakwu having
overheard his phone call the three go down the
hallway where they see a soldier in the distance
relieved saku tells swan to stay where she is and
he rushes towards the soldier for help only to
see that he is injured the soldier begs them to
help him before a horde of infected soldiers round
the corner trampling and consuming him the rest of
the survivors head out the main exit towards the
bottom of the escalator the survivors see a large
group of uniformed men and realize the soldiers
are all infected and the deployment has failed
several of the passengers are eaten and infected
as they scramble back up the escalator and back
into the station sakwu still inside the station
concourse and facing zombies tell swan to run
she does so and bumps into songkyun and sang
hua who are rushing back to the train with the
others soon kyung takes swan and runs to the
platform while sang-hwa fights off the horde
with sakwu yong-guk and the two other baseball
players once they manage to lock the exit door
they run to the train yong-guk's two friends are
attacked and infected when they reach the platform
meanwhile jin hee yan-sook and a few
others have successfully boarded the train
soon kyung and swan are also boarding when a glass
bridge above the train shatters and sends zombies
reigning onto the platform one of the zombies
falls between gill and john gill separating them
jon gill is forcibly dragged aboard ginny's
compartment and she watches in gil song kyung
and swan run in the opposite direction
soon kyung swan in gil and the homeless
man barricade themselves inside a bathroom
in one of the lower infected compartments
while young [ __ ] sakwu and sanghwa successfully
get onto a safe compartment sang-hwa calls his
wife and realizes she is trapped in the bathroom
with a few others unwilling to leave them to
die the three of them begin fighting through the
lower compartments to rescue them in the process
they discover the zombies are blind in the dark
and only react to sound they use this to their
advantage and manage to rescue them and they
all run together towards the first compartment
yongguk texts jan he that they have rescued the
survivors and are headed towards her compartment
when she happily tells the others they react with
hostility and decide to lock the door to their
compartment to prevent the group from entering
with the door locked yongguk attempts to break
it open while sakwu and seung-hwa struggle to
keep the zombies from entering on the other side
realizing that there isn't enough time sunghwa
tells sokwu to take care of his wife and leave
him behind to distract the zombies sakwu tearfully
apologizes and lets go of the door dragging swan
and song kyung towards the barricaded door before
he is consumed sunghwa manages to tell his wife
the name he chose for their unborn son the
locked door is broken down and the survivors
pile into the compartment safely although
in gill is not fast enough and she is eaten
realizing that seung hwa and ingil could
have survived as well if the group hadn't
barricaded the door sakwu angrily punches yan
sook and demands to know why he did such a thing
unwilling to answer yan suk lies to the others
and insists that sakwu and his allies are infected
instilling fear inside the initial group that
barricaded the door they forced sakwu and the
group that just entered the compartment into
the hallway between their compartment and the
conductor's car once they are forced out yan suk
and the others use their neckties and shirts to
tie down the knob and prevent them from coming
back in john gill still shocked and silent from
seeing her sister die needlessly notices in gill's
face in the crowd of zombies in the door window
she tells her infected sister that she lived
a long and fulfilling life and realizes that
the compartment group's actions have led to her
sister's death out of anger and defeat john gill
opens the door allowing the zombies to flood
the safe compartment the survivors inside the
hallway can only watch as the group is eaten
inside the compartment they see shadows of the
passengers desperately clawing at the door they
just barricaded in a cruel twist of events the
conductor receives a radio notification that busan
has succeeded in holding off the zombie infection
however as they approach a station before busan
the train is cut off by debris on the track
the conductor informs the remaining survivors
on the train over the speaker that he will find
another train on an unblocked track to drive to
busan and that they should follow him but wishes
them luck as they will have to exit the train
and survive crossing the zombie-filled tracks
he exits his cockpit and finds an empty
path successfully discovering a cargo train
he starts it up and begins going down the track
towards busan searching for survivors on the
tracks sock wu and the others exit the train
and unbeknownst to them yan suk has survived
the horde of zombies in the compartment he also
hears the conductor's announcement and fights
his way out of the compartment but several
zombies continue chasing him as he gets off
meanwhile sokwu's group is making their way to
the cargo train suddenly a burning freight car
rushes towards them and jin hee and yangbook are
separated from the group when the runaway freight
rams into the cars of a nearby train which falls
and blocks their path they go into one of the
next train cars to cross over to the other side
through the door not noticing that yansuke who
is being chased by a zombie is following them yan
suk enters the car and throws jin hee behind him
sacrificing her to the zombie yong [ __ ] fights
the zombie off and collapses to the ground
cradling the spasming jin hee in his arms as jenny
chokes and begins to turn yong-guk begins to cry
asking why fate had to be like this he apologizes
to jin hee for not telling her how he felt about
her as she fully turns and consumes his face and
throat yan suk runs towards the cargo train but
twists his ankle on the tracks and one of the
zombies following him manages to bite his ankle
the conductor rushes off the car to help but
yan suit betrays him and throws him aside to
the zombies like he did with jen hee he ignores
the conductor's screams for help as he boards
the train alone meanwhile the homeless man
swan sakwu and son kyung are on the other
side of the wreckage trapped under a train full
of zombies the windows of the train threaten to
collapse at any moment sakwu finds an opening
under the train and begins to climb under it
but a part of the train collapses and seals the
hole before the other three can make it through
the impact also shatters a window and a small
group of zombies tumble out and crawl towards
the three however the homeless man sacrifices
himself to the zombies at the last minute
allowing enough time for sakwu to pull the
debris away and for song kyung and swan to escape
they run towards the cargo train and get on
the outdoor platform of it sakwu approaches
the cockpit but backs away when he sees yon
sook in the conductor's seat milky eyed and
infected he initially shuts the door but yan sook
opens it in spite of being a zombie the infection
has not reached his brain yan suk approaches
sakwu and begs him to take him home to busan
speaking like a little boy and reciting his
address and the name of his mother sakwu tells him
he is infected and yan suk is momentarily shocked
and he weeps but within seconds he is fully turned
sokwu begins to struggle with a zombified
yansuk and nearly falls off the ledge of the car
swan screams on the other side of the car platform
which attracts yan suk and he attempts to attack
son kyung and swan however sakwu intervenes and
his hand is severely bitten he manages to throw
yansuke off the car but notices his injury aware
that he will turn very soon he seats swan and
son kyung in the cockpit and tells them how to
use the brakes once they get to busan station
he then tries to leave the car but swan begs him
to stay and reveals that on the day of her recital
she did not finish singing aloha away because
she didn't see sakwu in the audience she had
been saving the song for her father the two have
a tearful farewell and sakwu holds swan's small
hands in his for a moment before throwing them
aside and locking himself out of the cockpit
swan begins to scream and cry for him to come back
he slowly approaches the back of the train car
fighting the infection and begins thinking of when
swan was an infant recalling his happiest memories
of cradling her and holding her small fingers
and toes the infection takes hold his eyes going
white and veins going dark however in spite of
being fully zombified sakwu continues thinking of
swan and he smiles happily towards the sky before
falling off the car and onto the tracks the train
car finally arrives at the tunnel leading to busan
station however the track is blocked off with
debris the two exit the car and begin walking down
the tunnel not aware that they are being watched
on the other side by the busan military one of the
snipers reports their approach to his superior and
is told to shoot them down as they cannot tell
in the dark whether they are infected or not
just as the sniper is about to pull the
trigger swan begins to mournfully sing aloha
o-a to rally the exhausted song kyung to walk
to the end of the tunnel hearing her song the
soldiers realize they are not infected and
rushed to their aid make sure to subscribe
and turn on post notifications if you want to
watch more videos like this thanks for watching